Already what come back in this video we are going to check out finding elements and we have already
seen how to find elements.
But now we're going to use it with this particular example that we had where we had these blocks here
which are very similar all the time and now a little tip on how to crawl a Web site efficiently is first
of all find out what you want to crawl.
Because most of the time you would like to or you will want to crawl something that is from a specific
structure or has a specific structure and is repeatedly on that website.
At least most of the time that would be the case so you can now either view the page source as we have
done already but then that's a little difficult to figure out where which part of the website is.
Another great tool is to inspect the websites so when you click inspect and now you can see that the
body now colors everything black blue.
So if I go over this body everything is blue.
Now I can go into the container and there I have ro content OK that seems like what I want.
And there is this call LG 12 ok and then I'll check it out.
And as you can see here now we have this card card card card.
So we have all of these cards so there's this defect with the classic card.
And that's this first block.
Then the second one the third one and so forth.
And they contain information so this card has a card block which has a an A which contains a image.
So there is an image and there that's the image that we're talking about.
And this little sign that we have here with this little icon the smiley.
Then we have a card title which is contained code containing this emoji and a span polarized modular
conglomeration and so forth.
So what you also can do is just copy something that you have in the website like a title or something.
One little piece of what you want to crawl and then you simply search for it in your source code.
So here you just enter that and you see OK it's within this div tag which was called or which has this
class card block and there is disband polarized modular conglomeration.
And then you see OK that's the one that I'm looking for.
And you also of course can look it up here where you see OK that C-SPAN that I'm looking at.
And then we have this card text which is whilom just some more information on whatever this article
could be.
So this could be a front page with articles and if you click in on them you get to the details where
you can read the whole article or something like that.
All right so let's go ahead and use that knowledge in order to crawl through it.
And so we want to find elements in there.
So we have this document and now let's first of all print the doc.
So print doc just to see.
Well of course you need to run all the other code first.
OK.
There we are.
So now you can see the whole document has been printed.
Well now what we can do is of course only select certain aspects of it and that's the beauty about beautiful
soup.
So we can just say select and what do we select here.
Well we will see red card white card.
Well if we look at it it's always this card class here.
And as you might remember from the last video whenever we were using classes we searched for the dot.
So dog cart will be the correct one.
So that's why I'm searching for dog cart.
And now let me run that code and as you can see I'm getting this list of entries.
So there this def class card with a diff class card block.
Then we have the A which is a link an image a an H for which is a title and so forth.
And then we have the second entry and it starts here.
So this is the second entry as it can separated by a comma.
So this part is the first element.
Then we have the second element goes up to here.
Third goes up to here and so forth.
Now as you can see there's always this emoji which is within the class emoji.
So we could even go through all of the Modise.
So if you just say something like that in MO G you will see spin class emoji and all of the smileys
or DC moujiks.
So how do I get the emoji itself because Saverne DMM selecting the whole span as you can see.
So I'm selecting the object or the tag that contains the class and Moji.
And that's why it's given gives me this spen with the first one and so forth so it gives me a list of
all of them.
So let's use a different approach where we get the information in a different manner.
So let's say I'm using a for loop here to go through my dog that selects and I want to select cards
so I was selected by card as we did before.
But now I'm going to store the emoji in a variable and where can I find it.
What I can find within a specific cart and I can select one Moji.
So why is that.
And here we have to use a more g.
And from that if we run that nothing much happens if we get the text.
Again nothing much happens but we can print the Margie's now so we can just print Moji.
Now as you can see now I'm getting all of the Modise.
So what I did here is I use a for loop to go through all the cards that we have in our document.
So all the different with a card class and I used this card object in order to check through it or discard
variable.
And from that specific card that I'm looking at I selected only one element that had the class emoji.
And I took the actual text because if I wouldn't have done that so if I run it like this you see I get
this whole span but I only want to have the content of it.
I only want to have the text so that's why I'm saying OK give me the text on it.
And there we are we only get the Modise and we'll get them in a single line all the time.
That's because we printed with this print statement here.
All right so now you know how to get the Moji.
What if I was so want to get the title or else I want to get the content and so forth.
Well then I can go ahead and use a constant variable and I check only one again.
I go through the card.
I check the card and I select only one.
And what shall I select.
Well let's check it out.
Let's have a look at our website again.
So I would like to have the content and the content is this piece right here.
So if I go to this P-TECH as you can see it says class card mine is text OK and I would like to have
this content right there.
So let's use it.
Let's use this knowledge and search for card minus text.
And of course this has to be within quotation marks because we're handing over a string.
And from that I would like to have the text.
Now let's print the content as well.
And there we are.
So now we're printing the content of every single one of them in order to keep it clean.
I'm just going to say break for now because I I want to only have one entry in a correct manner for
now.
So as you can see I already have the icon I have the counter.
Now let's also get the titles so I would like to print a title on it as well.
Well how do we do that.
Well we get the title and if we look at the title.
So let's go ahead.
Where's the title.
So we have this classic card title.
But then there are two Spens.
So there is this once banker with the class emoji.
And then there is another span which is polarized modulo conglomeration.
In this example but it doesn't have a class so the title doesn't actually have a class.
It's within this age for tag which has the card title but there is another spanne which is our emoji.
So how do we handle that.
Well let's just say we call this thing title Spens and we go to select and some we don't select the
one but we're selecting the cart minus title Spen.
And now let's print that title span as well.
Or title Spens as well.
And for now as you can see we get this whole span containing the Moji and text here.
So how do I get only this spen how.
Well if we look at it this is a list.
And how do we access a particular element of a list.
Well we just say okay this is zero and that is index 1.
So what we can do now here is say OK I would like to have index one and in particular if we run that
we get this span surrounding it again.
In particular I would like to get the text so I run that now as you can see now I'm getting the title
which is this polarized modular conglomerate.
And if I don't break it if I run it through it for all of them as you can see I'm getting it for all
of the titles and all of the contents and stuff like that.
So let me had the break again.
So in order to keep things clean let's also create a title variable because we had title span's which
contains both Spens which was the icon or the smiley or emoji and the title has a span but let's just
say it's stored as a title and what should be in there.
Well simply that content here.
And then we can of course print the title now so as you can see we still get the same result but we
have it stored in a variable as we did with the emoji and with the content.
So now we have all of those contents or information already.
And a very good way I'd say in a very good structured way.
All right so finally if we look at one of those articles let's say of these blocks here we have an image
and how do I get this image.
Well first of all let's look at where the image is and it is within a page it stands for link.
Or you can click on it and it opens up a link as you can see for hyperlink.
Not precisely I would say a CH is an hyperlink but the thing is age is already for headlines.
So we have this class called in this case I am responsive flowed right.
And then there is the source and the source is R C is actually what we want so we would like to have
the source of the image so that we can parse the link.
So that's pretty much the link to the image.
And how do we get that.
Well first of all let's go back to our code and create a new variable and by the way I'm going to clean
it up a little bit here.
I'm going to have the variables before I do print them.
So.
All right so now I have the Moji the content title span.
And from that I get the title.
And before we look at the image we can even shorten things up.
So currently we say title spans card select and so forth.
And then we take title spent at position 1 or at index 1 and instead of doing that we can even just
take that code straight away and replace title Spens with it.
So that will pretty much do the same thing.
But we have it in one line so I would just say OK the title is going to be carded select and where we
have the card title span text so let's run that again and see whether we still get that title.
And yes we do.
All right so now that that is working let's get the image in in order to get the image we are going
to use cart dot select underscore one because we only want to select one and only one of them and it's
only containing 1.
So that's a good thing.
So each article only has one image.
That way we can use this method instead of the Select method.
And what do we want to have.
Well we would like to have the i n g and y is a d m g.
Well if you look at it this whole block here does card block contains an A tag here with a Tref which
is to link to the image.
But then the actual image itself is this one here.
So this tag here where you can see it has multiple attributes like a class attribute and SIRC a to a
height attribute and so forth.
So now in order to access the attributes we can use the following You can use print image dot 80 are
as that's or just print out the ACARS for now.
So as you can see these are the attributes.
And you also can see that they are given in the format of a dictionary.
We have all of these attributes like this class here which is the key and the value is this list here.
Then we have the S R C which is the key and the value is this link here.
So it's pretty much a link which says OK in the root folder there is an image folder where we have a
file called one.
Jay Peck or Jay PGE and that's the one we would like to access here.
So in order to get the S R C we need to use square brackets because if we want to access an entry within
a dictionary we use square brackets as you might recall.
And then we need to enter the key name and the key name here is S R C so that's the key name here.
And if we print that out we can see that that is pretty much what we want.
Now of course we want to store that in the image and not just that part that we have here.
So what we can do is simply say OK use dot HPR S..
And now let's just print out image.
And if I run that code Well we pretty much get the same thing but now the right information is stored
within the image because we didn't want to get all of the information from that.
I am g but we actually wanted to get the source information.
Yeah that's pretty much what we did here and that's it.
So now we have all of the information.
Now we just need to bring it into the right format and display accordingly.
And in the next video we are going to check out how we can use object oriented programming here to make
our life a lot easier and to make our program a lot better and more readable.
So see you there.